Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-11-22T15:50:43-05:00

====== A Book Yet To Be Titled ======
Created Thursday 22 November 2018

My personal story on the topic of drug abuse, pyscosis, simulation theory, love and hopefully
someday, redemtion. 


====== Where To Start ======

How do you tell a story of addiction? Where do you begin? Is there a beginning? To me it seems like one long blur. Let's start at childhood. Hmm. No. Was it Mom and Dad's fault? No, it rarely is. Yes, we are a product of our parents, but at a certain point in life we make our own choices...sort of. "Choice" is an interesting word. We casusally toss this word around, a word that carries a lot of weight, as if it's suppose to explain or to do hold up notions and actions. Did I have a choice to stop abusing adderall? Well, in one sense yes. In an entirely different sense, not really. One problem with addiction is while you're in the middle of it, the choices made are in favor of the addiction, blinding you to the reality going on around you. It's only after it's too late when you realize there are different choices to be made. 

So maybe we start with...why am I writing this? Or more pointedly, why I did I //start// writing this. A car crash. Even after some pretty awful stuff I've said and done in midst of blurring highs and absolutley crushing lows, it took an argument with the one person I love more in this world, my dear __sister__, and in the middle of that argument, grabbing the wheel of the car she was driving, which caused us to crash into a tree. 

I haven't even gotten to the parts where in the middle of an addiction that lead me to believe this world is a simulation, and that the objects (people) in it, where I indiscriminately treated them as if they owed me something because they knew something I didn't, like I wasn't invited in on this cosmic joke (which I'll get to later). Where I've was both verbally, and sexually __abusive__ (pressuring my best friend who is a lesbian for sexual gratification). Where, in the midst of a huge adderall binge, I destroyed the home I was sharing with my sister, threated to rape and kill her. And these are just a couple of the highlights. 

The fear this particualr substance seemingly instilled in me, lead to me threatening to kill, burn down, hurt, mangle, whatever, if I did'nt receive a call back immdediately or if I had to be left alone for more than a day. Oh by the way, this is the same substance that gave me the energy and focus, and more importantly the motivation to sit down, learn the guts of Linux and open source software, allowing me to become to semi sucessful engineer, programmer, and all around technology expert. I learned how to play guitar, how to work a synthesier, all these things that I was always interested in but never had the drive to pursue. 

Was it worth it? Well, as I sit here on Thanksgiving day, in the cold part of the midwest, homeless, living in a shelter, and having to generally worry about where I'm going to sleep most of the day, and far way from the one I love the most...it's hard to say.

====== Starting from Now ======

As I'm writing this, going by a calendar, it's only been a few days. But when you're homeless, it feels like a lot longer. Starting out, getting used to the cold is certainly a difficult aspect. Finding establishments (when the library is closed) to hold up with a 20lb pack isn't the easiest. I've been lucky, I've had more people ask me about my travels rather than give me dirty looks I often see others give the homeless who are a bit less interesting looking. However if I'm being honest, is when I started sharing my story with friends on facebook and my tiny family, that I didn't get an invite to come crash with them. I'm not judging, and I certainly understand (I certainly don't know what I'd do if someone I used to know told their story, but I'm guessing it would be the same as I received...lots of well wishes and "don't give up"s. I have to add though, when I shared my shameful story of how I crashed the car, I wasn't met with nasty remarks or worse yet no remarks like I feared. I was met with understanding, which, I have to say felt pretty good. But the desperate part in me was disappointed I didn't receive 'hey come stay with me'. Which, I will say is for the best, because in reality all I want(ed) was a warm place to sleep forever. You see, thats my problem, I don't actually want to do anything. I live a fairly apathetic existence. Thats where my addicition begins. My parents didn't abuse me, I didn't grow wanting for much, I had great friends with whom I had lots of fun with. it's just that when I was around 18 or so, things stopped being interesting. Why, I really don't know. All my friends had plans, aspirations, goals...and here's the kicker..they followed through with them. Me? I never really knew what I "wanted to be" and had little interest in schelping some job, living paycheck to paycheck even though thats what I was pretty much doing up until my early 30's when I had enough, snapped, and drowned myself in a reclusive, isolated life. 

It's the thoughts too that drive me to addiction. For example right now, as I'm trying to sort through memories, my brain makes a connection with the fact that my best friend, who is a lesbian, had sexual relations with men when she was younger, and when I asked her, had denied me. I couldn't understand this. I grew jeolous and outraged. Not really understanding something a lot of gay people go through, is stuggling with sexual relations with the opposite sex. At this point in life, she was in her early 30's and had long well established that she had no interest in men. But since she shared with me this little fact, I felt like she owed me a pity fuck or something. She is my only real friend, so I argued that since I was an agoraphobic, isolated mess and that I had no chance of meeting another female to engage in sexual relations with, that it was no big deal that we engage in some casual sexual relations. I can't even blame the adderall for a lot of this...well not directly, but we'll get to that more in detail later. In short, my overuse/abuse of addreall years previous had given me this perspective of a cold, simulated world, where she was someone who could read my thoughts, someone who was assigned to me as trainer of some sort and that challenged me in deeply obscure metaphorical ways, such as wearing her pants saggy so I could always see the top of her butt when she bent over, in order to tease me. Or actually, not to tease me...to //test me. W//hile I never touched her without consent, i did threaten and manipulate her into letting me feel her up, give me a topless handjob, masturabate while watching her undress and to get naked while I put my penis in between her legs. Why did I want to do this? Well, yes, she is very attractive (if you talked to her for 5 minutes, you'd understand) but because I love her and wanted to make physical love with. This was all before i figured out what __true "making love"__ actually is. 

Why I'm started with this? Well, becaue previous to my amptehiminte induced phycosis, the notion of doing any of these things would draw more than a disgusted look from me. So I thought I'd give the reader a little insight into the awful, disgusting things one will do with an unchecked addiction. How I got there, why I continued, where I am now, those are details you might want to consider as you read on. But this is more a cautionary tale told from the villians point of view. Not some sort of excuse laden allegory that ends with the result, but only after you've reached a cozy relationhsip with the author where you form this sort of empathetic understanding that sort of clouds the whole point of telling an addiction story. 

