Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-11-21T18:25:51-05:00

====== Wednesday 21 Nov 2018 ======

@adderall

"Adderall and Me" 
A love affair gone horribly wrong

The best and worst thing to ever come into my life...

My story isn't new, but it's one I thought I'd share anyway in the hope that someone might be helped in some way. 
It's the least I can do for the world. 

After watching the rest of thw world around me succeed, while I floundered and wandered... the moment that rush of focus and attention and - most importantly - drive came over me... it was impossible to stop the glorious ride of an adderall high.  Mimicking a manic episode in people diagnosed with bipolar disorder, the high of being able to do anything was one like no other. 

Prior to my expereience with adderall, I was (and still am, to a degree) addicted to pot.  Most of the time it's not even enjoyable, but it helped calm the restless, unfocused energy inside that frustrated me so much. 

For most of (if not my entire) adult life, I have been scattered, apathetic and indifferent to ((the/any/possible/probable)) consequences of living a wreckless, selfish life.  I would skip rent to go to concerts, spend money on pot rather spend it on gifts for people who have given me so much.  I stole.  All with careless disregard as long as, at the end of the day, I was able to get high and play my favorite video game or listen to my favorite music. 

But the main difference between pot and adderall is that pot never made me violent or angry. 

After a night of binging on adderall, staying up for days on end, taking one after another, with the rationalization that I was doing something good, I was in fact, fueling a monster that was hidden from my view that, when it came out, destroyed everything near and dear to me. 

As I found myself standing there, in front my sister, threatening her, accusing her of knowing why we are on this planet and of being able to hear the thoughts in my head, threatening her more when she denied it, throwing dishes through plate glass windows, saying out loud "This feels good."  This was after shoving over bookshelves and destorying whatever I could along my way in a fit of uncontrollable rage.  Before I blacked out, the last thing I remember is standing over her, while she sat in a chair, holding up a broken chair to her threating to kill her. 

(approximately 8 months later)
After a polishing off a one-month supply in a week, the next day I came crashing down, the withdrawl set in and I was a ticking time-bomb.  On our way back from Chicago, as my sister and I were driving down a long, windy road in rural Indiana, we got into a stupid argument that I started somehow.  I screamed out "I fucking hate you," grabbed the wheel of the car, causing it to swerve all over the road and hit a tree dead-on.  We were both ok physhically, but after years of having to deal with my adderall or adderall withdrawl abuse, neither of us were ok emotionally. 



